Post Title: I feel violated by intern season

Post Title: H1B holders, what are your thoughts on the narrative that you are being exploited?

Post Title: H1B holders, do you feel exploited, or see it as an opportunity to build a better life for you in the US?

Post Title: What needs to happen for the league to review the inconsistencies of the refs?

Post Title: Are you guys for/against banning Tiktok in the US?

Post Title: What’s a movie that best represents your childhood?

Post Title: Spacial tours with 3D map and 360˚ video

Post Title: Best blogs, tutorial channels to learn

Post Title: Can't wait for Vision Air 5 launching in 2034 with these transparent displays!

Post Title: Watching Edgerunners on the moon feels

Post Title: Killer feature: accessing chatGPT (iPad app) and using audio as primary input

Post Title: Would you guys like to see Pokemon Go in AVP?

Post Title: Can you actually “work” in AVP?

Post Title: 【Theory】 What if we live in the void 800 century

Post Title: 【Help!】English ivy is withering, any suggestions on what I should do?

Post Title: Informative documentary video on YouTube

Post Title: Creepy charlie with dead leaves, is this normal?

Post Title: Lyft bike on the loose, support team will "email me as soon as possible"

Post Title: Do you guys prefer earphones with cables? Why or why not?

Post Title: Tracking our individual impacts on the world through ESG ratings

Post Body: Sorry to hear that man, in the future you may want to have multiple granaries, one close to your berries/deer/fish and one for your veggies/apples/honey.
Also I just store ale at the tavern or keep it in the brewery for this reason

Post Body: Yeah but it doesn’t seem to affect much though

Post Body: Incredible stuff! How did you maintain character consistency? Did you generate a consistent character image and then use the image-to-video feature?

Post Body: I do too but I rarely finish a game haha. Too little late game content

Post Body: I do too but I rarely finish a game haha. Too little late game content

Post Body: You have to kill the bandit units, or donate crop yields though the manor (tithing, different from taxation).

Post Body: That proximity is ridiculous, deep mining, two fishing huts, vegetable, orchards, and trade iron for malt.
imo trading raw materials is easier than trading crafted goods in the current build. High quantity stuff is easy to stock, and you could have multiple trading posts up without any major issues.
The exact opposite of this is plate armor. It takes forever to build, requires three points, and needs eight iron slabs to make it. It’s cheaper to just export the ore, and since it’s a low quantity trade, it’s hard to stick multiple trade posts with it

Post Body: Yeah I was doing alright and then as soon as I upgraded to tier 3 my town was in shambles. I didn’t notice how demanding it was going to be

Post Body: So in general each family will eat each type of food equally. Which means those with low supply are more likely to be consumed first.Eggs I believe each plot only produces one per month, so it's helpful, but won't be sufficient to maintain food diversity

Post Body: I build my cities close to the borders of others, that way I'm not managing multiple cities at once. The best is building it at the three-way border. That way you're basically managing three cities at once.

Post Body: Breakfast - BuvetteCoffee - LyriaLunch - Tsukemen okiboruCoffee - La cabraDinner - IsodiDrinks - Double chicken please

Post Body: - the hype has definitely faded, you can see that with the price as well as the number of people discussing it on X, or even here- haven't seen much innovation in the space at all, the momentum seems to have shifted to solana memecoins, and dissipated after that- again, people no longer seem interested. I found linksDAO to be an interesting concept of fractionally owning a golf course, and they're still active but not much hype around them anymore either. Most major brand NFT collaborations have died down as well- the NFT craze has not settled into something sustainable, it's dead. Can it come back? Possibly, it has happened before, when cryptopunks and cryptokitties were first hot in 2017-ish, then died, then came back during 2020-2022.- will there be a big boom? I personally don't think it would in the way we think of NFTs as collectables. A major thesis was around digital scarcity, and that seemed possible during covid, but post covid people went back to f2f interactions. Digital scarcity could become a hot topic again if we see a broader adoption of VR or even XR, but that seems a bit down the line. I think fractional ownership of assets could be interesting, but they'd just be fungible tokens, not NFTI see so many one-off posts on this community with only a couple responses. Can't believe there's 2.7M members here. That alone should tell you that NFTs are no longer something people are interested in. I'd love to be proven wrong, since I feel that there was alot of potential, but so far it seems like the community is dead

Post Body: Millenials have less kids, so they have more time and money to spend on themselves. Millenials are also getting married less and later in life, meaning we allocate more effort on self care

Post Body: I wore a toga. she showed up in regular clothes

Post Body: Sent dm!

Post Body: Closest expression is naraku ochi 奈落落ち which means falling from the stage, used in kabuki. It’s a way to say going to hell, but neither the literal translation nor the actual meaning is an expression for child suicide.
Source: I’m Japanese

Post Body: Fyi it says
“Dear mom, everything I encounter from now is thanks to you”
(It’s a Mother’s Day special chocolate)

Post Body: how did you make that diagram? I've been doing it in ascii lol

Post Body: It’s pretty hard to get consistent characters when they’re photorealistic tbh. I guess our eyes are more lenient when it’s cartoon.
Any tips for photo realism would be appreciated!

Post Body: Can’t really discuss this without your strategy. If you’re setting up on the coast over river, your strategy must involve maritime trades. Also means you benefit from other cities being on the coast. It also means you need some navy to protect your shipping routes and coastal cities.

